Climate: Mediterranean 

Domain: Multicellula
Kingdom: Noncongitandi
Phylum: Musco
Class: Confiduntaliis
Order: Materbestarium

Description: Materbestarium is a symbiotic moss that is able to grow due to the higher energy climate of the Mediterranean. It grows short and wide, in some cases covering entire groves. Like most moss's it shuns away from sunlight, growing in places that are consistently in the shade such as the sides of large thick trees or deep ditches formed by burrowing creatures. Materbestarium also requires highly damp areas, decreasing the selection of places it's willing to grow. It is also extremely fragile, its carpet dying on contact with all but the gentlest forces. Due to this Materbestarium has an incredibly unique defense mechanism. Throughout its carpet it forms small yolky bulbs about a meter across at the largest. These bulbs are filled with incredibly nutrient dense slurry and after about a week of gestation they hatch, producing fully formed Sexcrura specimens. These Sexcrura vary greatly between species of Materbestarium and even have minor differences between carpets of the same species. The Sexcrura produced by Materbestarium are Sexcrura in appearance only, and although they share traits with the Sexcrura class this is a case of convergent evolution. The Sexcrura produced by Materbestarium act solely with the carpets health in mind, performing minor (sometimes major) terraforming of the surrounding environment to improve the conditions for the carpet. They are primarily neutral, gathering high nutrient Agaricus and Noncongitandi, only attacking creatures that threaten to trample the host Materbestarium carpet. The main exception to this rule are when the produced Sexcrura come into contact with Sexcrura of a rival Materbestarium, in this case the Sexcrura become highly hostile, attacking one another with reckless abandon. Materbestarium colonies are highly cannibalistic due to the high nutrient contents other carpets have, leading to them keeping each other in check.